Title: Ready Proposals
Author: nch
Co-Authors:
AI: 3

Repeal R2626 "Certifiable Patches".

Amend R2622, "Pending Proposals", to read in full:
      
      Ready Method is an untracked proposal switch with possible values
      [None, Pended, Special] and default value None. If a proposal has
      a non-default Ready Method, it is ready.
      
      Any player CAN pay 1 Pendant (syn. pend) to flip the Ready Method
      switch of a specified proposal to Pended. If the player did not
      create the proposal and is not listed in the list of co-authors of
      the proposal, e is added to the list of co-authors.
      
      The Promotor CAN, once a week and with X+2 Support, flip the Ready
      Method of a specified proposal to Special. X is equal to the
      number of times e has done so in the last 7 days.
      
[This is the crux of the change. Replace Pending with a trinary switch,
letting us distinguish how something was pended/made ready. I also got
rid of the "once a week" limit on the promotor power and made it
without objection.]
      
Amend R2451, "Executive Orders", by replacing:

      - Manifesto (Promotor): The Prime Minister distributes a specified
        proposal in the Proposal Pool.
        
with:

      - Manifesto (Promotor): The Prime Minister flips the Ready Method
        of a specified proposal in the Proposal Pool to Special and
        distributes it.

[Just make this power play nicely with the new switch.]
      
Amend R1607, "Distribution", by replacing all instances of "pending"
with "ready".

[There's 3 such instances and they're all drop in replacements.]

Amend 2625, "Proposal Recycling", to read in full:

      If a referendum on a proposal was resolved as FAILED QUORUM in the
      last seven days, the Promotor CAN once recycle the proposal by
      announcement, adding it to the Proposal Pool.
      
[I took out the switch flip here because I don't think it's necessary.
The switch isn't flipped again when the proposal is assessed, so it
should be the same method as it was originally.]

Amend 2623, "Popular Proposal Proposer Privilege", by replacing:

      The player who proposed the adopted proposal whose referendum had
      the greatest popularity among all referenda assessed in the last 7
      days CAN once earn one Legislative Card by announcement, provided
      that no referendum initiated in the same message as it remains
      unresolved. If there is a tie, all authors of the tied proposals
      can do so once each.
      
with:

      An Eligible Proposal is one whose Ready Method switch is set to
      Pended.

      The player who proposed the Eligible Proposal whose referendum had
      the greatest popularity among all Eligible Proposals whose
      referenda were assessed in the last 7 days days CAN once earn one
      Legislative Card by announcement, provided that no referendum
      initiated in the same message as it remains unresolved. If there
      is a tie, all authors of the tied Eligible Proposals can do so
      once each.
      
[Tried to make this a tiny bit more readable while I was fixing it. Not
sure how successful I was.]
