Title: Ribbon Ribboncutting
AI: 3
Author: nch
Co-authors:

[This is shorter, and IMO, more elegant than the current Ribbon system.
I removed switches and opted for a system based on platonic gamestate. I
think this makes more sense for Ribbons. I also cleaned up the language
a little and moved Glitter back to its own rule where it belongs.]

Amend R2438, "Ribbons", by replacing:

      The Tailor is an office, and the recordkeepor of Ribbons.
      
      Ribbon Ownership is a secured person switch, tracked by the
      Tailor in eir monthly report, whose values are the subsets of
      the set of types of Ribbon, defaulting to the empty set. If the
      rules are amended to change the types of Ribbon, if a player's
      Ribbon Ownership is subsequently illegal, then it is updated by
      removing all nonexistent types rather than resetting the entire
      value to default.
      
      To "award a person a <Ribbon type>" is to add that type of Ribbon
      to that person's Ribbon Ownership. A person "owns a <Ribbon type>"
      if that type of Ribbon is an element of eir Ribbon Ownership.
      
      A person qualifies for a type of Ribbon if e has earned that type
      of Ribbon within the preceding 7 days (including earlier in the
      same message).
      
      While a person owns all types of Ribbon, that person can Raise a
      Banner by announcement. This causes that person to win the game.
      That person's Ribbon Ownership becomes the empty set.
      
      The types of Ribbon, and the methods of obtaining them, are as
      follows:
      
with:

      The Tailor is an office, and the Recordkeepor of Ribbons. Eir
      report details all current Ribbon Ownership.

      A person owns a Ribbon if e has been awarded that type of Ribbon 
      and eir Ribbon ownership has not been reset since e last was
      awarded it.

      If a player owns every type of Ribbon defined in this rule, then e 
      CAN win by "banner raising" by announcement. When e does so 
      successfully, eir Ribbon ownership is reset.

      Other rules notwithstanding, any player CAN award a person a 
      Ribbon by announcement if, and only if, that person has qualified
      for it in the last 7 days, does not already have it, and has not
      had eir Ribbon ownership reset since last qualifying for it.

      The types of Ribbons, and the method for qualifying for each one,
      are as follows:
      
and by replacing every remaining instance of "earns" with "qualifies
for"

[These were already used interchangeably in the existing rule, and
'earn' has a different meaning elsewhere in the rules.]

and by removing:

      While a person qualifies for a type of Ribbon:
      
        - If e has not owned that type of Ribbon within the preceding 7
          days, any player CAN, by announcement, award em that type of
          Ribbon.
      
        - Otherwise, if e has not been awarded that type of Ribbon or
          the corresponding type of Glitter since e last earned or came
          to qualify for that type of Ribbon, and has not been so
          awarded five or more times within the past 24 hours, e CAN, by
          announcement, award emself that type of Glitter.
          
[The first clause was moved further up, and the second claus is getting
moved to the Glitter rule.]

Amend R2602, "Glitter", by adding the following inbetween the first and
second paragraph:
      
      For each time a player (the awardee) has qualified for a type of
      Ribbon e already owned in the last 7 days, any player CAN award
      the awardee the corresponding type of Glitter.
      
[Works the same way as the longer version above.]
