Title: Sets v0.9
Author: nch
Co-Authors: Trigon, Falsifian, PSS, Jason Cobb
AI: 3

Enact a new Power=1 rule titled "Cards & Sets" with the text:

      Cards are a type of asset with a corresponding Product. Products are
      also assets. The types of Cards and their corresponding Products are:

      * Victory Cards and Victory Points.

      * Justice Cards and Blot-B-Gones

      * Legislative Cards and Pendants

      * Voting Cards and Extra Votes

      A player CAN, by announcement, pay a 'set' of X Cards of the same type
      to create in eir possession Y corresponding Products. The value of X
      determines the value of Y in the following ways:

      * 1 Card = 1 Product

      * 2 Cards = 3 Products

      * 3 Cards = 6 Products

      * 4 Cards = 10 Products

      A player CANNOT pay more than 4 Cards as one 'set'.

      Cards and Products are tracked by the Treasuror.

For each player that is not a zombie, create one of each type of card in eir
possession.

[The core of this proposal. Collect cards to make the other assets.

I've been considering whether to have the Treasuror track everything or make a
new role. I think there's pros and cons to both. I don't want to overtax the
Treasuror but I also don't want to split rule-defined assets across multiple
officers if it's not necessary.

Also I'm not happy with Victory Points or Extra Votes. Name suggestions for
those are welcome.]

Amend rule 2499 "Welcome Packages" by replacing:

      When a player receives a Welcome Package, e earns 10 coins.

with:

      When a player receives a Welcome Package, e earns 10 coins and one of
      each type of Card defined in the rules.

[Simple Welcome package addition]

Amend rule 2483 "Economics" by removing the following line:

      A player CAN win the game by paying a fee of 1,000 Coins.

[Ultimately counter to an economy where we want constant trading and asset
movement.]

Enact a new Power=1 rule titled "VP Wins" with the following text:

      If a player has at least 20 more Victory Points than any other player, e
      can win by announcement. When a player wins this way, destroy all Cards
      and their corresponding products. Then, for each non-zombie player create
      1 card of each type in eir possession.

[Exactly what it says on the tin.]

Amend rule 2555 "Blots" by replacing the following paragraph:

      If a person (the penitent) has neither gained blots nor had more
      than 2 blots expunged from emself in the current Agoran week, then
      any player (the confessor) who has not, by this mechanism,
      expunged any blots in the current Agoran week CAN expunge 1 blot
      from the penitent, by announcement.

with:

      Any player CAN, by announcement, expunge a blot from a specified person
      (or emself if no one is specified) by paying a fee of one Blot-B-Gone.

[Pretty straightforward, now you need to use Blot-B-Gones to get rid of Blots
(except for the fugitive decay, I left that in).]

Amend rule 2350 "Proposals" by replacing:

      Creating a proposal adds it to the Proposal Pool.

with:

      If a proposal was created in the last week and has not been added to the
      proposal pool, any player CAN add it to the Proposal Pool by paying one
      Pendant. When a player who is not the author or a co-author of a proposal
      adds it to the Proposal Pool by this method, e is added to the list of
      co-authors.
      
      The Promotor CAN, once a week and without objection, add a propsoal to
      the Proposal Pool. E SHOULD NOT do so if the author of the proposal has
      at least one Pendant or Legislative Card.

[Make Pendants do the pending thing. Making the pender a co-author ties into
lime ribbons/glitter. Add a safeguard to let the promotor pend proposals when
it's otherwise not possible.]

Amend rule 2422 "Voting Strength" by adding:

      A player CAN, by announcement, pay 1 Extra Vote and specify a current
      Agoran decision on which e is a voter. Eir voting strength on that
      decision is 1 greater for each time e has done so. E CANNOT do so more
      than 3 times on the same decision.

[This makes proxies pretty flexible actually, maybe too much? But I think it's
fun and can at most double your base power.]

Amend rule 2476 Ownership by removing:

      Assets owned by the Lost and Found Department can be transferred or
      destroyed by any player without objection.

Create a new Power=1 rule titled "VP Auctions" with the following text:

      Once a week the Treasuror CAN and SHOULD initiate an auction. The auction
      has the following lots:
      
      * one Victory Card, created in the possession of Agora when the auction
        is initiated AND
      
      * all of any single type of asset currently own by the Lost and Found
        Department, if any.
      
      The Treasuror is the auctioneer for this auction, and may order the lots
      as e chooses. The minimum bid for this auction is 1 coin.

[This is the primary way for Victory Cards to be created. Also adds a more
interesting way to put lost assets back into circulation.]

Create a new Power=1 rule titled "Popular Proposal Proposer Privilege" with the
following text:

      The player who proposed the proposal with the greatest F/A, as defined in
      rule 955, among all proposals assessed in the last 7 days CAN once earn
      one Legislative Card in eir possession. If there is a tie, all authors
      of the tied proposals may do so once each.
      
[This introduces 4 (or more!) Legislative Cards per month. My math says that
this, along with the 6 that can be created by officers should be enough. But
time will tell for sure.]

Create a new Power=1 rule titled "Card Administration" with the following
text:

      Justice Cards are associated with the Ministry of Justice. Legislative
      Cards are associated with the Ministry of Legislation. Voting Cards are
      associated with the ministry of Participation.

      Officers CAN, once per month and by announcement, create a Card in the
      possession of any other non-zombie player under the following conditions:

      * the officer holds at least one office with the Card's associated
        ministry in its interests AND

      * the player receiving the Card does not hold an office with the Card's
        associated ministry in its interests.

[I feel like the wording of this could be simplified? Also, should Speaker and
Prime Minister be excluded from the restrictions on the receiving player? As
it stands they basically can't receive cards this way at all.]
